friends here.
We're going to see the simple uses off your functions that is converting given court in
terms,
off functions without changing the output.
Actually,
I have a simple by transcript.
This is the fight and skip under his door.
Put for that?
No,
I want to implement the score in terms,
off functions,
friends.
We know that generally we used our functions Whenever there is a reusable t right.
Not only for that Arjun dirty how some thousands off lines in your core injured off writing
line by line Children lines in your script.
It's better cook the wire you our entire program into some parts based on the logic.
I mean,
if you have your our court,
we have six lines off course,
right?
Assume that forced to lines are for simply,
like welcome message.
Right on 2nd 2 lines are represent.
Suppose this is what our the concepts,
you know,
known concepts.
I just assumed that known concepts and last two lines or you are learning concepts.
No,
If you observe my entire script,
I can divide into three parts.
One party's welcome message.
Second parties,
known concepts,
tired parties,
11 concepts.
So if you divide your record in terms off three parts,
then readable movies more right.
No functions are not only for reusability purpose.
It is also for readability purpose,
right?
Yes,
I June dirty hotels in self lanes Court and you implemented story on After one year you're
coming back and you're going through that lousy directly.
Can't understand What is the logic?
You implement it,
interrupt that if you divide you were courting comes off some separate parts Then by seeing
each and every part you can easily understand,
This party is so and so purpose.
This party is so and so purpose,
right?
So that's way.
If you try to implement your court in terms off functions,
then there is a more readable de now for that.
What I'm doing is anybody's with very simple example.
But just to get your idea on functions,
I'm trying to convert this court in terms off functions.
So before going to convert guys already,
we know if you want to write a function,
but you need to define functions,
right?
So you know how to define a function as well.
You have to use the UFT work,
then some name,
right?
Some name,
anything right,
some exquisite,
then parenthesis colon.
Then you had to write some number off lines based on your requirement and finally hard to
write.
Return none.
Right?
We'll discuss aboard Return,
but because the standard scene backs to write your function as off.
No know what I'm doing is I'm trying to divide my logic six lengths off logic into three
parts.
So in first of part I am taking these two lines and I'm implementing in this way the F
welcome message.
That's it.
Then,
inside off this function,
I'm going Teoh,
right?
These two life lines,
Finally,
hard,
right?
Return None.
Then I'm going to defend one more function that is supposed known concepts.
That's a then whatever the lines you have in your known concerts up with these two lines
for my known concepts.
Logic.
Just a junction,
Nothing.
Is that how you can can what they were calling toe functions.
So for that,
just I'm giving idea return none.
And we hold 12 more lines for these two more lines.
What I'm doing is I'm going to the white again that I suppose new concept are lending
concepts like we takes up with new concepts That's a like and finally just right.
A return?
None.
So now what?
Our the logic.
You How that logic?
No,
I'm implementing in terms of functions.
And I'm running this.
No,
but we know that if we defined simply function,
you won't get any or put to get up the output.
What are the output you need that particular function unit toe call.
Right.
See,
Suppose I want to get known concept Elastico put.
Then I will call in this way function name parenthesis that say that Miranda didn't see the
output you're getting.
But actually,
I need to get first these two lights,
then these two.
Then these two in the same order you just to call your functions.
Very first.
You just to call your function.
Ah,
that function eyes Welcome.
Message then.
Last one new concept.
That's it.
Luckily,
Randy can sit output.
Yes,
you're getting no what we d What?
I would the logic you how,
But actually this logic consists off three.
Uh,
but this I'm was you mean 1st 2 are something like Welcome,
miss a second do or something like known concert logic start last two are for new concepts
.
Logic based on that,
just have given some names and I I'm calling them right.
So that is if we change this order.
This function is called the way How you're calling this order,
you will get based on that are running.
You'll get output right on.
One more thing is see if I remove these three functions Names to call.
You were defined a function.
You're not getting over by running that court.
The reason is,
but what if you run your core Python will run from top to down.
Why?
Learning from top to down whenever there is a d e f t word are there time your fight and
wounding scored that logic or block off court,
which is there under your function?
Simply your python will remember the name off your function.
Same way Felt that all places Yes,
indeedy off.
There is no straightforward line or mainline.
That's why you're not getting in or put.
But if I write in this way now,
only this party's defining your function.
Now that you're calling so your line off I mean your execution part will start from 13th
line.
So from this you're fightin will go here and like school here and we come back.
So after that line,
in case if you are one more function are same function.
Maybe in case if you want.
Oh,
our print Welcome,
Mrs Two times.
Yes.
No problem.
You can print it.
No.
See the result.
Sometimes you are getting,
but I want only one time.
Yeah,
no problem.
That's it.
No,
See,
that is a Okay.
So they suggest I'm trying to give some Worrell idea in case already VR some logic in your
hand.
How to convert that into in terms of functions.
Right.
So well,
going forward will discuss in detail about you are different types of functions and where
we're going to discuss able to use our different functions but didn't function.
Salary would become something like list in the length,
right?
Idee car.
Something like the default functions,
which which are defined with your pipe.
Now we're trying to define our own defined function user defined forms,
and we are defining when we're calling them.
Right.
Okay.
Guys will see.
Indeed,
ill will going for more.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this with you.